[#63767] 16.0 Meetings changes  https://community.openproject.org/wor… (#18889)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/meetings/recurring-meetings/README.md

To do that click the **More** (three dots) icon next to an agenda item and select **Move to next meeting**.

![Move an agenda item to next meeting in OpenProject recurring meetings](openproject_userguide_meetings_recurring_meeting_move_agenda_item_to_next_meeting.png)

## Meeting backlogs for recurring meetings

### Series backlogs

> A **series backlog** is a special pre-existing section below the actual agenda items of that occurence where additional agenda items maybe be 'parked' for consideration. These items may then be added to a particular occurrence by the meeting organiser either before or during a meeting. 

Author: ```suggestion
A **series backlog** is a special pre-existing section below the actual agenda items of that occurrence where additional agenda items maybe be listed for consideration. These items may then be added to a particular occurrence by the meeting organiser either before or during a meeting. 
```

The backlog can be collapsed or expanded by clicking on the the title. Agenda backlog for recurring meetings will be visible for all meetings in the series. 

> [!TIP]
> By default, the backlog is expanded when the meeting status is *open*, collapsed if the meeting status is *in progress*, and hidden if the meeting is *closed*.

![Agenda backlog section title collapsed, in OpenProject recurring meetings](openproject_userguide_meetings_series_backlog_title.png)

#### Add and edit items to series backlogs

> You can add agenda items and link work packages in the same way as you would within the meeting agenda: either by dragging and dropping via the handle on the left or by using the dropdown options of the More (three dots) icon on the right

Author: ```suggestion
You can add agenda items and link work packages in the same way as you would within the meeting agenda: either by dragging and dropping via the handle on the left or by using the dropdown options of the More (three dots) icon on the right.
```
